Yoongi and RM started living together from November 13th, 2010.
RM used to have special VLive segments dedicated to teaching the other members English.
The most memorable episodes would probably be “pardon?” with Jungkook and “I am god” with Taehyung. LOL.
Jin played rock-paper-scissors with the staff once because he didn’t want to cut his hair. They played scissors. He played rock.
Jin cut his (probably $20+) jeans on camera once because they were “too long.” He was packing for the BTS trip to Malta for Bon Voyage 3.
RM once broke the legs of his new sunglasses when he tried them on.
RM’s favorite word is pigeon (this is a joke, I’ll love you forever if you know what I’m referencing).
Jin uses a pink keyboard to play computer games.
Jimin shares a room with J-Hope.
Jin has two sugar gliders (which he said he purchased after he was inspired by Yoongi’s stage name.)
Jungkook edits his own videos that he publishes under G.C.F (Golden Closet Films.) You can find these videos on YouTube.
Jimin used to get into a lot of trouble pre-debut. He said he was almost kicked out a few times.
Taehyung is one of the reasons Jimin debuted with BTS.
There is a pseudo-romance between RM and Jackson (GOT7).
Jungkook and Yugyeom (GOT7) are very close friends.
Hoseok used to dance with a dance group called Neuron. He was a locally famous street dancer. Before BTS debuted, they were known as “the group with Jung Hoseok in it.” That was how famous he was.
Hoseok also won a national dance competition when he was 14. (According to Wikipedia.)
Jimin impressed his dance teacher so much his dance teacher decided to pay for him two years of contemporary dance class.
RM is an atheist.
Taehyung comes from a family of farmers.
Jungkook has a scar on his cheek because he used to fight his brother to play computer games.
Hoseok has not pierced his ears because to him, earrings are “not manly.”
Hoseok loves bags. Particularly acorn bags.
Jungkook busked on the streets of Malta. He sang “Lost Stars.”
Jimin and Taehyung have been friends since high school.
Jungkook joined BTS at 14 (international age.)
Jungkook was sent to the United States for a year to work on his dancing because his dance had “no feeling.”
BTS remixed a bunch of Christmas songs to be Big Hit-themed.
They used to be criticized heavily for their looks.
Jungkook doesn’t like coffee. Particularly espresso.
Jimin loves to drink. Jungkook and Yoongi drink too. Taehyung doesn’t so he drinks Korean distilled spirits instead.
Taehyung acted in the 2017 drama Hwarang.
Yoongi has no interest in acting while Jimin and Jungkook do.
RM doesn’t have a lot of credit cards because he tends to splurge. To save money, he uses cash. [This was when RM was on Problematic Men.]
During concerts or performances, RM usually sweats the most.
